# Change Log

All notable changes to the "swissknife" extension will be documented in this file.

## 1.6.1

* Fix decorator length with some unicode chars like specific emojis where length was bigger then 1

## 1.6.0

* Extended explorer decorators. Now you can have by default a check, a cross and some eyes. You can also add your own decorators.


## 1.5.1

* Changed text option name "Toggle check folder" to "Toggle: check folder" and "Toggle check tile" to "Toggle: check tile"
* Fixed wrong line number of "Copy file path with line" option as vscode returns the line with 0 based index

## 1.5.0

* Added "Copy file path with line" on context menu in the editor. Will copy to clipboard the relative file path with line number like: app/src/android/java/com/myorg/app/ui/File.kt#83
* Added "checked" (✓) decorator to Explorer. User can check/uncheck any file/folder. This can be helpful for example when reviewing code, to mark files reviewed for example.
* Extension is now loaded when vscode loads, instead of when a swissknife command was triggered. This is needed for the above feature

## 1.4.0

* Improved log messages
* Script changes are applied in the same editor instance. (Fixes #3)
* Temporarily disable crypto prices script (Fixes #4)
* Remove Eliptic curve operations (eccrypto dependency was dropping a binary plugin. Need to check support for multi platform)
* Fix morse code script not working
* Add script to select random line
* Improve building process (removed the folder "extension.js" generated by mistake)
* Removed url shortner since service is blocked by marketplace :( Will try to find an alternative

## 1.3.0

* Add script to sort lines
* Add scripts to start servers (http/https to inspect requests and/or serve folders)
* Fix EC Keypair script name and desc (were same as RSA)
* Add possibility to call other scripts (and methods) (native and user made) from custom user scripts through context.modules

## 1.2.1

* Temporarily removed bcrypt script as it was causing conflicts in the bundled solution

## 1.2.0

* Add script to generate BCrypt hashes
* Updated hash-identifier dependency to support Bcrypt hashes
* Fixed multi-selection issue where only one would be processed
* Added support for Mac TouchBar

## 1.1.0

* Fix bug that didn't use selected text in informationRoutine
* Add script to identify hash algorithms
* Add script for eliptic curve key pair generation

## 1.0.0

* Renamed some scripts for better usage
* Added Morse code convertion
* Added Unicode convertions
* Improved bundling process
  * Core scripts are now loaded with default imports, which allows us to bundle the entire code into one single file

## 0.0.5

### Added

* Option to generate self signed certificates

## 0.0.4

### Bug Fixes

* removed ncc as it was causing problems due to the script loading mechanism

## 0.0.3

* convert crypto currencies values. (can be used like: 1btc to eur. or just supply a value, and a dropdown will show to specify from and to cryptos)
* ncc to create smaller builds of the extension
* convert text from and to binary
* convert string to escaped string
* URL expander

## 0.0.2

* Fixed bug that prevented script from activating properly in production (missing dependency in prod)
* Fixed bug when creating script's folder, the extension folder could not exist.

## 0.0.1

* Initial release